AVIR License Agreement

AVIR Copyright (c) 2015 Aleksey Vaneev

! This License Agreement is applicable to non-commercial and low-volume
commercial use only. You (individual person or a company) have to sign a
special license agreement with AVIR copyright holder if you or your company
sells and/or licenses (on a commercial basis, directly or through resellers)
software products where AVIR or its parts are included, and if combined sales
of such software products reach more than 1000 (one thousand) end user units
per year (be it individual or employee users) on desktop and laptop computers
and any other devices (e.g. TVs, video projectors, video players, etc), or
5000 (five thousand) end user units per year on smartphones and tablets.

If you sublicense to a non-end user third party, or transfer rights to your
software where AVIR is used, to a third party, this third party should agree
to this License Agreement or sign a special license agreement with AVIR
copyright holder, or remove AVIR dependence from the received software.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Please credit the creator of this library in your documentation in the
following way: "AVIR image resizing algorithm designed by Aleksey Vaneev"
